For us to launch our Project 4, a remake of Galaga, it would take a lot of effort for us to get it on the market and to sell to a network that lists games for purchase. Once we accomplished that massive task, the next goal would be able to sustain our game and prepare it to be ready for updates, whether it is the software of the device we developed it on (for example a Dell Laptop Windows operating system update might break our game and make it no longer work) or a general update to the game if we decided to add new features. However, all of these updates/changes will affect if our game works properly and that is a task that takes a lot of maintenance to make sure it stays up and is playable. In order to keep with this goal, we need to have a team to develop software, tools for writing our code, active domains/servers as well as a right and license to list our game on the game listing networks like the Xbox Live store.
First, the most important and expensive part, is hiring software developers that will maintain and improve this game. Fortunately for us looking to graduate, the career outlook is great and starting salaries for Computer Science graduates can average around the $55,000-75,000 range. Unfortunately, in this situation, we are looking at paying for these developers ourselves. As maintenance is what we are looking for, it would not hurt to assume we would have up to 3 developers in a team on payroll for a year. As this is a small game that we would hope to not run into many game breaking bugs over its maintenance period, let’s assume we’d run into around 5 reported problems per year. Given that these bugs would most likely be a quick fix, let’s plan for each developer working 5 hours per problem, leading to a collective amount of 75 hours (5 hrs. per problem * 5 problems  * 3 developers). Using the average salary of $66,800 as listed in Forbes (roughly estimated to be $33/hour, at 75 hours, would cost us roughly $2,475 a year to cover.
Having the right tools to code is another important task that we need to account for. Git Hub Team is a membership that would benefit us greatly in working as a team and is currently listed at $4 per month on their website. Investing in a better code writing software like Visual Studio Professional could also assist in our testing/maintenance of our product. It is listed as $45 per month on their website. Assuming a year of memberships, we could have around $600 in membership fees a year (5 * 12 + 45 	* 12). Maintaining a domain and server for our game would also be a fee we would have to pay to host. To host online, for only around $4 per month, we can list multiple websites on a domain with unlimited traffic costing us a potential $48 per year. I have found that we can also place our game on Xbox Live for free which would mean there would be no prices moving it to their servers too.
In total, we would have to expect to pay roughly $3,123 (2,475 + 600 + 48) in costs per year plus tax to maintain our product assuming we go with these higher quality resources to accomplish our goals. Although this is very expensive to host, assuming our game were to go well in sales, we could easily pay these costs off.     
